## Practice Quiz: Understand social media marketing

<br>

### Question 1

Fill in the blank: _____ is the process of creating content for different social media platforms in order to drive engagement and promote a business or product.

- **Social media marketing**

> Social media marketing is the process of creating content for different social media platforms in order to drive engagement and promote a business or product. Social media marketing enables a company to connect with their customers, so they better understand the company’s brand. 


- Print advertising


- Google Ad purchasing


- Smart bidding

<br>

### Question 2

What are the benefits of social media marketing? Select all that apply.

+ [ ] Targets the competition's customer base

+ [x] Improves brand awareness

> Social media marketing improves brand awareness, drives traffic to a company’s website, and builds stronger relationships with existing customers.

+ [x] Drives traffic to a company's website

> Social media marketing improves brand awareness, drives traffic to a company’s website, and builds stronger relationships with existing customers.

+ [x] Builds stronger relationships with existing customers

> Social media marketing improves brand awareness, drives traffic to a company’s website, and builds stronger relationships with existing customers.

<br>

### Question 3

What are the five core pillars of social media marketing? Select five.

+ [x] Planning and publishing 

> The five core pillars of social media marketing are: strategy, planning and publishing, listening and engagement, analytics and reports, and paid social media. These pillars can help guide an effective social media marketing campaign.

+ [x] Paid social media

> The five core pillars of social media marketing are: strategy, planning and publishing, listening and engagement, analytics and reports, and paid social media. These pillars can help guide an effective social media marketing campaign. 

+ [x] Analytics and reports

> The five core pillars of social media marketing are: strategy, planning and publishing, listening and engagement, analytics and reports, and paid social media. These pillars can help guide an effective social media marketing campaign. 

+ [x] Strategy

> The five core pillars of social media marketing are: strategy, planning and publishing, listening and engagement, analytics and reports, and paid social media. These pillars can help guide an effective social media marketing campaign.

+ [x] Listening and engagement

> The five core pillars of social media marketing are: strategy, planning and publishing, listening and engagement, analytics and reports, and paid social media. These pillars can help guide an effective social media marketing campaign. 

+ [ ] Educating and promoting

<br>

### Question 4

Which of the following statements about earned media are true? Select all that apply.

+ [x] It does _not_ require a paid promotion.

> Earned media is a personal or public promotion of a brand or product. All earned media is organic, which means that it does not require a paid promotion.\

+ [ ] It is all the digital content a brand fully controls.

+ [x] It is a personal or public promotion of a brand or product.

> Earned media is a personal or public promotion of a brand or product. It is marketing generated by a brand’s customers. All earned media is organic, which means that it does not require a paid promotion.

+ [ ] It is any form of digital promotion a brand pays to put online. 

<br>

### Question 5

Which are examples of owned social media? Select all that apply.

+ [ ] Video ads

+ [x] Community forums

+ [x] Blogs sites

> Blog sites and community forums are examples of owned social media.

+ [ ] User generated content