## Practice Quiz: Reach customers online

<br> 

### Question 1

What is earned media?

- Digital content that a brand fully controls 


- **Positive digital exposure generated through personal or public recommendations**

> Companies do not create or own earned media, and they cannot pay for it directly. Earned media is generated by customers in response to things like product quality, customer service, and successful marketing campaigns. 


- Digital promotion that a brand pays to put online


- Promoted links that appear at the top of a search page

<br>

### Question 2

Which of the following factors does a search engine use to rank results? Select all that apply.

+ [ ] Computer type

+ [x] Relevance

> Search engines explore—or crawl—across the internet to index the content from billions of web pages. When users search for a term, the search engine algorithm ranks the results based on factors including relevance and quality. Marketers can use search engine optimization to potentially provide visibility to a website’s content.

+ [ ] Internet speed

+ [x] Quality

> Search engines explore—or crawl—across the internet to index the content from billions of web pages. When users search for a term, the search engine algorithm ranks the results based on factors including relevance and quality. Marketers can use search engine optimization to potentially provide visibility to a website’s content.

<br>

### Question 3

What search engine optimization (SEO) practice includes identifying common search terms and phrases consumers use to find products or services online?

- Adopting a user-friendly website structure

- **Conducting keyword research**

> Search engine optimization is a process that helps content gain visibility in search engine results. Basic SEO practices include conducting keyword research, creating quality content, and applying a usable website structure. 

- Purchasing paid media ads

- Creating quality content

<br>

### Question 4

What is search engine marketing (SEM)?

- The set of practices designed to increase the quantity and quality of traffic to a website


- The set of practices designed to keep content useful and usable for customers


- The process of generating traffic to a website from results that users receive when they perform a search


- **The process of generating traffic to a website through paid ads that appear in search engine results**

> SEM is the process of generating traffic to a website through paid ads that appear in search engine results.

<br>

### Question 5

Which paid advertising model charges a business every time someone clicks on their ad? 

- **Pay-per-click ads**

> With pay-per-click ads, a business only pays when someone actually clicks on their ad. The amount a business pays is known as the cost-per-click. 

- Third-party ads


- Minimum-bid ads


- Maximum-bid ads

<br>

### Question 6

Fill in the blank: Remarketing is an important part of digital marketing because it allows a brand to _____.

- be more visible to potential customers through search engine listings


- **recapture the attention of people who are already interested in the brand**

> Paid ads create opportunities for remarketing. This helps a brand identify previous customers or website visitors and serve them paid ads on other sites and platforms. 


- encourage website visitors to make a purchase before they leave the website


- drive website traffic to the brand’s social media channels
